I saw them there within five minutes
right okay so that means we that rebe
must see right there also nice nice ride
you do have to be very careful that's
the issue for a night i'm ready to take
a pull huh I'm gonna watch Survivor
midnight for him
The X Factor is
the solitary middle of the night nothing
going on sensory deprivation for our
poles
there's some weird people out here two
aren't
you have nocturnal every time I come
into the motor home you're awake working
every time I leave one of your laker way
they're waking working working
what time is it now 315
bus took a different route let's take a
different route which i think is a
certain number of miles away this is 60s
65-mile deal and there's a lot of
climbing in the senate bill it's 94
miles to the ficus station at the
Mississippi River no whore for the
pounds Mississippi River in Missouri
right where'd this and in hits hits i-70
where I could come in earlier he could
come into he although he wants before
writing there you're only 10 miles you
only save ten my let's let's get it back
here someone but those were you and I
talked about well yeah but I've looked
at something else all right right here
let's next leg you go under high 70
which is win fail i can meet you right
there there's really only one decision
went out they made us can beat them at
50 miles 70 miles we can shuttle from
there that's really all they needed I
think we need to be a really
conservative speakers naked night okay
crash because there's a lot of times
traffic and get lost easily yeah yes you
know you know it all just rolls o night
turns in today day turns in tonight and
you don't sleep mornings a few hours
away we can wait that long there's
obviously
what was that distributor Irish across
you